The laptop price predictor project is a very interesting project that can be used to predict the price of laptops with the certain characteristics. This will help us in saving money and time.The demand for laptops were rapidly increased after the lockdown in India. In laptops, the price is acquired from its RAM,ROM,CPU,GPU,Touch screen model etc.This model is useful for both sellers and buyers.The sellers can use this model to fix a comparative price for their product to ensures the top position in the market and also the buyers can use the model to predict the prices of laptops and make informed purchasing decisions. Laptop price prediction is very difficult but important one.This model will provide a way for analyzing the market as per any customer’s requirements.This abstract outlines a methodology for forecasting laptop prices using a combination of machine learning algorithms and economic principles. Firstly, historical data on laptop prices, spanning different models, brands, and specifications, is collected and analyzed. This datasets serves as the foundation for training predictive models. Features such as company, processor type, RAM capacity, storage size, display resolution, and market price are incorporated into the datasets. Machine learning algorithms, such as regression analysis are then applied to the datasets to develop predictive models. These models learn the relationships between the features and the correspondinglaptop prices, enabling them to make price predictions for new or existing laptops 
